And now your search has ended...

Gain knowledge to help you scale through the tech industry for free.


A basic introduction to software development and product design aimed at complete beginners, which anyone can join



INGRESSIVE FOR GOOD WAS LAUNCHED IN JULY 2020 WITH NO DOLLAR IN DONATION...





Why Zuri Training?

Here at Zuri, you gain access to enough knowledge to introduce and aid your success in the tech industry.



01

Fully
Remote

100% online classes available to anyone in the world.


02

Hands-on
Experience

We don't just teach you theory, we show you how to build things.


03

Collaborative
Learning

We connect you with like minds to grow together.


04

Real-life
Projects

We give CV worthy projects to help you hit the ground running.


05

Beginner
Friendly

We provide step-by-step procedures on how to get things done.


06

In-program
Mentorship

During and after the program you have access to experience seniors.


We will help you get started

High quality training with hands-on practice

We give you weekly tasks, ranging from easy to complex, as you progress from stage to stage; making it to the final stage means you are now ready to continue learning and growing independently.







Scope Of Program

Here is the list of areas that will be explored in the training.


Frontend Development


This track deals with the aspect of your application that the users interact with. A front-end developer will be able to correctly interpret a given design to the user interface.

Backend Development


This track deals with the aspect of the application the user does not directly interact with. It allows the frontend function either by running some back-end code or connecting to the database.

Product Design


This track deals with creating a graphic plan for an application. You will learn to convert project documentation into viewable and understandable graphic design for the developers to work with.

DevOPS


The DevOps track is an extension of the backend track. It involves tools that’ll allow the participant to deploy solutions for public use.

Fullstack Development


A combination of frontend, backend, and DevOps. This track will only be available to participants who have the time to dedicate to the training.

Frameworks


During the program we will be exploring several useful frameworks to give you an edge in the industry and help you develop complex applications much faster.


Got Questions?

Frequently Asked Questions
Would I have to pay to enroll for the training?
No, the program is completely free thanks to Ingressive For Good
What are the things I would need to participate?
You'll need a laptop, internet connection and the willingness to learn through collaboration and mentorship.
What happens if i join and I’m not active?
Participants who join the program and stop engaging will be given the chance to catch up. You'll also be assigned a 'study-mate' and mentor to help you. However, there is the possibility of not being promoted to the next stage if you remain inactive for too long
Can I switch from the part-time track to full-time and vice versa?
Unfortunately, no, you cannot switch from part-time to full-time and vice-versa

Will I get paid?
We reward some participants who complete tasks early, however, this is not a weekly reward. All the work that will be done during the program are hypothetical.

Still got questions?




Structure

Program Structure

There are 2 broad paths in this program based on your availability.

Full-time

Requires at least 25 hours weekly on program content.

Available Tracks:

Full Stack: Backend (Python, JavaScript), Frontend (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) & DevOps

Design: Figma, Adobe XD

Phases:

Training Phase

Project Phase

Post Program:

Certification of Attendance

Zuri Internship 

Laptop Reward (upgrade or new one) 

Job Placement 

Zuri Talent Pool

More Training: 

Interview Prep

Algorithms & Data Structure

Freelance Setup & Training

LinkedIn Optimization

CV Review


Part-time

Requires at least 11 hours weekly on program content.

Available Tracks:

Frontend:

HTML, CSS, JavaScript

Backend: Can only select one backend language

Python,

PHP,

JavaScript

Design:

Figma

Phases:

Training Phase

Post Program:

Certification of Attendance

Zuri Internship



Get Started

Break into the tech industry like a Pro



Break into the tech industry like a Pro








© 2022 Zuri Training

Privacy Policy

Ingressive For Good
